>> Brian Holt: We're done with React.
And people are like, what, what happened?
React is really not that big of a library,
there's only 30 methods
total that React exposes.
>> Brian Holt: We're pretty much
done with our app in general.
We haven't made this thing work yet,
but that wouldn't be very hard to do.
We would just move all this
state into App, right?
And then we'd distribute the search
term through Landing and
search term through Search, right?
We've already shown you
how to refactor that so
that you can make that work, right?
So I'm not gonna show you how to do that,
you're welcome to do that on your own.
Right now,
you are armed with enough knowledge to go
build large applications in React,
and that's amazing, right?
>> Brian Holt: For this size of app,
there's absolutely no reason to
introduce something like Redux,
it's just wild over-engineering,
irresponsible over-engineering, right?
However, it's fun to irresponsibly
over-engineer things, right?
But just keep in mind that you can build
large-scale applications using purely
just the techniques that I
just showed you how to do.
So that's why I was pretty cautious to
show you pretty much building an entire
application in React, and now we're gonna
go back and refactoring to include Redux,
all right?
But we're done, that's really it,
that's all you need to really
know about React in general.
So if you don't care about Redux,
just turn off your live stream.
No I'm just kidding, don't tune out,
there's still really cool stuff to come.
In fact, I'm gonna show you
some debugging techniques, and
I'm gonna show you perf tools right now.
So I'm gonna show you some advanced kind
of stuff that you can do about React.
Any questions about React in general,
before we kind of move on to more of
how to debug it and how to profile it?
>> Brian Holt: It really is just
a process, passing down props,
setting state.
That's really the lifecycle of methods,
that's the power of React.
And again, one of my favorite parts
about it, it's a knowable library,
you can know pretty much
everything about React.
Does anyone here want to assert that
they know everything about jQuery?
Does anyone even want to say
that they've used every method?
Well, maybe Mark, I would believe that.
>> Mark: I absolutely have
used every single method,
including internal [INAUDIBLE].
>> Brian Holt: Yeah.
>> Mark: [LAUGH]
>> Brian Holt: So there's maybe
two people, there's Mark and
John Resig, and that's it,
that have used every method in jQuery.
>> Mark: Well on top of the core team.
>> Brian Holt: I'm kidding, I'm sure
there are literally dozens of you.
>> Group: [LAUGH]
>> Brian Holt: [LAUGH] I have not, right?
>> Mark: I know.
>> Brian Holt: I have not,
there's over 200,
approaching 300 methods in jQuery I think,
right?
React again has like 30,
Angular 1 had over 100 for sure, right?
So there's very very few people that have
all of that in their
brain all at once right?
Whereas with React you can really
understand all of the corners of React
pretty easily.
>> Mark: I think the big difference
with React is the fact that you
don't need to know anything
about the DOM at all, right?
And that is the big, hairy part
of that JavaScript in general is,
>> Mark: DOM updating, and DOM methods,
traversing and-
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
the imperative part of that, right,
like building trees and things like that.
All that stuff is kind done for
you behind the scenes.
All you need to do is you
need to write functions
that generate the markup that you want,
and that's really it, right?
I mean, there's some complications
with lifecycle methods and
things like that, but
you're basically just building functions
that generate markup and that's about it.
>> Mark: Have you ever had to use
componentShouldUpdate() for performance?
>> Brian Holt: Yes, and
I'm gonna show you how right now.
In fact, we have one component in here
that's really inefficiently updating, and
we're gonna use the React
perf tools to profile that.
But we're getting there.
We have one more thing first, yeah?
>> Speaker 4: I was just gonna ask,
so the basic stuff that we've done so
far, what percent of your time when you're
writing React does that usually cover?
Is it usually 90% that?
>> Brian Holt: I'm gonna go with 90,
yeah, I think 90 sounds about good to me.
>> Speaker 4: Cool.
>> Brian Holt: No, I'm gonna go further,
I'm gonna say it's 95.
That last 5% is important.